this is why your money is not safe in
paper assets you came here for the truth
today we're going to look at why I
personally believe your money is not
safe in paper assets so let's cover a
few things right now if you take your
money and you go to the bank and you
give a deposit you say put $100 into
this account they will gladly take your
money and they may give you a fraction
of a penny for your hard-earned savings
keeping it there so that's your interest
now you look at your passbook
you look at your account online you see
that you have that $100 and you go to
the ATM later that day you were able to
pull out $20 everything is just fine the
problem is that your money technically
isn't there you know that and because of
the miracle of fractional reserve
banking banks have been able to do
nefarious things with your money but as
far as your concern anytime you've ever
ever been able to go to the bank to pull
up money you've been able to do so so
everyone just keeps following along
within this system and I think that's
quite dangerous but we've made this
argument that it is better to keep the
money in the bank than to keep it under
the mattress for example it's safer we
try to find safety for our savings and
it's quite simple for most people to
think about like that
now take an example of a stock when you
have a investment into a stock let's say
it's Apple stock so there you are
investing in Apple stock you buy one
share and let's just assume at the
moment it is $100
okay so you buy the one share of Apple
at $100 and you believe that you own
that one share of Apple that you have
$100 there and this is appreciating you
see that this on the screen on your
computer screen you're watching it
appreciated
yesterday it was $100 today it's 105
tomorrow it's 110 and you believe that
your $100 is there and it's appreciating
and now it's 110 but I believe that we
are giving up our money to these
corporations to these banks to these
investment companies and we make the
assumption that one day we are going to
get it back and I believe I've used that
word correctly the assumption you can do
so right now you can go to the bank and
go to the ATM you can pull your money
out and everything is just fine but you
are really just making an assumption
that tomorrow you'll be able to do the
same anyway I also believe that it's
almost as if take this for example many
companies will have employee savings
plans where you can give money and they
will match the contribution a lot of
companies do this and so they'll say
look it's free money for you you can
take your investment and double it it's
a no-brainer
so you every paycheck just keep forking
out your money $100 hundred dollars
hundred dollars and people believe that
look I took $100 and I made it into $200
but are you gonna take that money out
well most people won't at least not
right away it's a way like a Ponzi
scheme to take more and more people
inward the money doesn't cost them
anything it's essentially being given
out for free and so we have this game
that goes on between these corporations
you and I we're all really trying to
figure out where do we put our savings
we want to make some income out of it
and so we give our money to these
corporations in hopes that it will give
us a return but it is in my opinion that
we are simply loaning them the money in
hopes that we get it back I think it's a
dangerous policy I'm not necessarily
against paper assets as a whole but just
that this time is just too risky that's
my opinion many many people have seen
their accounts their paper asset
accounts appreciate dramatically but I
also know people who during this time
invested with these so-called supposed
really good fun companies and they've
been very happy but unfortunately their
results have been dismal have been
terrible in the recent past despite the
fact that the stock market keeps hitting
new highs so we are putting our money
into the hands of someone else whether
it's a mutual fund whether it's a hedge
fund whether it's an investment company
we hope that they are taking care of our
monies because we need to get it back
how do you know that if you put your
hundred dollars in with that mutual fund
company that you're ever going to get it
back you don't I don't know you don't
know but I hope that you make the best
decision for your own money that's why
we need to get educated and be smart
about all of this if you appreciate my
opinion then give me a thumbs up that's
all for this video
take care